feat(core,console,phrases): add custom data editor to application details page (#6370)
logto-io/logto: .changeset/sweet-rules-hear.md

---
"@logto/core": minor
---

> update the jsonb field update mode from 'merge' to 'replace' for the PATCH /application/:id endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
update the jsonb field update mode from `merge` to `replace` for the `PATCH /application/:id endpoint`
```

> For all the jsonb typed fields in the application entity, the update mode is now 'replace' instead of 'merge'. This means that when you send a PATCH request to update an application, the jsonb fields will be replaced with the new values instead of merging them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all the jsonb typed fields in the application entity, the update mode is now `replace` instead of `merge`. This means that when you send a `PATCH` request to update an application, the jsonb fields will be replaced with the new values instead of merging them.
```

> This change is to make the request behavior more strict aligned with the restful API principles for a PATCH request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change is to make the request behavior more strict aligned with the restful API principles for a `PATCH` request.
```
